[theme song playing]
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yay-yay-yay ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
COFFEE POIROT
PRIVATE EYE
DETECTIVE CONAN - ENJOY A SLICE
OF TORU AMURO'S LIFE!
[chime sounds]
[Furuya] That's right,
the case has been closed,
all thanks to Detective Mouri.
[woman] Is that so?
Now that that's over, are you
finally done following him around?
You were quite insistent
about keeping an eye on that one,
and all because you thought
he was connected
to what happened with Sherry and Kir.
Don't forget that I backed you up on that.
[blows]
And you're still not finished there?
We already received
all the intel we needed on Sherry.
In fact, it was enough to send her
to an early grave.
Nope. If anything,
I'm even more curious now.
This so-called sleeping Kogoro
intrigues me.
Oh, sleeping Kogoro, huh?
If only you could help me figure out
how to sleep as soundly as that detective.
[Furuya] Having trouble sleeping?
I am indeed.
[Furuya chuckles] Really?
To think, even a woman like you
has everyday problems.
[woman] Hold on. What do you mean,
a woman like me?
[Furuya chuckles]
I recommend not taking a bath
right before going to bed.
It makes it hard to fall asleep
since your core temperature's still high.
You also shouldn't use your phone
or computer right before bed.
The blue light
from their screens can keep you up.
Having champagne again tonight?
[woman chuckles]
Of course.
People in your circles
tend to enjoy a nightcap
at the end of the day,
a bit of liquor before heading to bed.
But alcohol can make it
difficult to sleep,
so maybe forget the champagne
and have a nice hot cup
of Ume Kombucha instead.
It's a caffeine-free plum kelp tea
containing potassium.
It can reduce fatigue and help you relax.
[woman] Mmm!
I'll have to give that a try sometime.
[phone chirps]
Yeah, you should.
[typing on keyboard]
[sighs]
Tomorrow I'll be at HQ.
And a shift at Poirot before that.
I can probably fit in a 90-minute nap.
UNTITLED
[contemplative music playing]
Hey, you're late.
Come on, Zero, hurry up.
ALARM
[groans]
[birds calling]
I just can't get a good night's rest.
I'm in no place to be giving advice.
I can only blame myself.
[yawns]
Somebody had a late night.
I bet you were in bed
just playing games on your phone.
You know that's bad for you, right?
Well…
It makes it hard to sleep,
so try not to use it before bed.
Hey, you know what?
You could use some tea.
I wonder if Ume Kombucha
would work for you.
[chuckles]
[distant siren wailing]
[dispatcher] Metro PD to Jewel Station.
A suspect in a navy-blue sedan
is heading for Route 20.
He's in a motorcycle gang.
Pull him over and interrogate at scene.
[siren wailing]
I'm ordering you to pull over! Now!
-[driver snickers]
-[gasps]
Whaaaa!
[motorcycle crashes]
[tires screeching]
[biker groaning]
[footsteps approach]
Hey, you okay?
Try not to move your leg, it's broken.
You can call for help yourself, right?
I need your bike.
What? You can't take my bike! Hey!
-Hold on a minute.
-[Furuya straining]
[engine starts]
Huh.
[jazz playing]
[siren wailing]
Damn!
Oh!
Road Traffic Act,
article seven, paragraph four.
A biker must always wear a helmet.
When operating a large motorcycle,
always put safety first.
That's how it's done, right?
[chuckles, gasps]
[funky jazz playing]
[screaming]
[screaming] I'm sorry!
[Furuya] Hello, is this the police?
There's a couple
of suspicious-looking vehicles here
on one of the wharves in Toto Bay.
Yeah, and please get here quickly.
[whimpers]
[sirens wailing]
Latitude 35°, 41 minutes,
and 39 seconds north.
Longitude 139°, 45 minutes,
and 29 seconds east.
-[patrons murmuring]
-[doorbell jingles]
Sorry, there's no tables open.
We're a little busier than usual.
[Kazami] Hmm.
[host] Would you mind sharing your table?
No, not at all.
[host] I really appreciate it.
[elderly patron] Thank you.
-[host] Please come back soon.
-[doorbell jingles]
What happened to your forehead?
Get in a fight?
Not exactly. You see, yesterday--
[Kazami] Yesterday?
Wasn't that when the police
arrested that guy in Toto Bay?
They found an abandoned
police motorcycle at the scene.
They're looking for the person who took
the motorcycle and chased the criminal.
But it sounds like
they're having a hard time.
How is the injured cop doing?
[Kazami] He wound up with a broken leg,
but they're saying
he'll recover in a month.
Hold on. Furuya, how on Earth
did you know he got injured?
Well, I may have heard a rumor or two.
But enough about that.
Have you decided on what you'd like?
I'll have the chicken curry, medium spicy.
Give me the beef curry, extra spicy.
Are you sure that's what you want?
Our extra-spicy curry
lives up to its name.
I'm here for it. Show me what you got.
[gasps] Look at how spicy it looks!
This is what I was hoping for,
a bold new challenge
to get my heart pumping.
Oh, I can't wait!
Needs just one more thing.
[gasps]
This curry is known for its rich flavor.
If you're going to add toppings to it,
the sour white rocío goes with it
better than the red fukujinzuke.
Rocío is nutritious,
it aids digestion, and…
well, it's just better.
That's funny, I was just about
to put some rocío on my curry.
Thank you for the meal.
Hot!
A potato's pretty good all on its own.
But personally I like to mix it in
with the curry
to add to its flavor and texture.
Mm!
[Kazami] It looks so good!
All right, now it's my turn.
Let's see if this extra-spicy curry
is a worthy challenge.
Oh! It's so spicy!
Kazami.
I make it a point not to drink water
if I still haven't finished
eating my curry.
[Kazami groans]
Well, you know,
I wouldn't want to be disrespectful.
Dis… disrespectful?
It would be sacrilege
to dilute the curry with water.
Oh! You're absolutely right.
[sighs]
[Furuya] Besides, drinking water
isn't going to make it
any less spicy, you know?
Capsaicin, the stuff
that makes curry spicy, is fat soluble.
That means water's
just going to spread it around.
If anything, it will make
the curry even spicier.
You should wait until you finish
before drinking any water.
-[upbeat music playing]
-[Kazami whimpering]
So spicy!
[gulps]
[screams]
Ahem. [laughs]
Aaaa…
[gulping]
[sighs] Now, that was good.
What did you think, Kazami?
How was extra-spicy?
[Kazami whimpering]
Kazami?
[Kazami] Waaaah!
[gulping]
[exhales sharply]
Delicious!
But… the water…
It made it even hotter! [gags]
Like I said, the curry here
is really something else.
Huh?
Hey!
[Kazami sighs]
[chuckles]
[Furuya sighs]
[hoarse voice] I'm sorry…
I'm sorry you had to see me like this.
SPICIER THAN EXTRA SPICY
[Furuya chuckles]
[theme song playing]
[woman singing in Japanese]
♪ Find the truth ♪
♪ We arise today ♪
♪ Promise to yourself ♪